Status text file
Ian Stansbury
11/30/2011

Outstanding issues:

1. Was unable to get databases to work within the project. After several crashes
I found that the lab assignment 4 also crashed on my phone. Since I was using this as
a guide I wasn't able to figure out how to get it to not crash. 

2. The open Gl images of arrows don't scale quite right. This causes the arrows to be too small
when the location is far away.

3. Was not able to pin point faculty offices. This is due to variant nature of the GPS in the
android phones, causing the points to be off by + or - 16 feet

Modifications:

1. As stated above, the issue with the databases caused me to hard code the location points. This 
reduced the dynamic nature of the listviews but 

2. Did not have time to create my own Open GL image for location pin pointing

3. Did away with the start screen option menu since I couldn't really think of many options to 
have. I did create am options menu in the app for navigation

Problems and Solutions:

1. The use of my own methods for the camera functions(accelerator, gps, etc.) wasn't working.
This caused me to look for a fram work to use. Some of these include layer, droidar, etc. 

2. There was no way to compute distance within the framework, so I wrote my own. This involed several 
different features. First I had to convert the minutes and seconds to decimals. Then using the 
distance formula I had compute the 2D distance between two points> I didn't calculate altitude.
After this I had to figure the miles per degree, 58 at this latitude. and the multiply to get the
feet per degree found.

3. Had to create a new constructor for the framework since the default GeoObj gave latitude and longitude
but not elevation

4. There was no built in setup for the framework that served my purposes. After extensive investigation
I was able to use methods from several different setups to create the two features I needed most:
The ability to set a point at a specific GPS point and then to notify when I had reached that point

5. Small problem with the spinner crashing when used with a text view. Solved this by imbedding the
calls to seperate list activities, faculty and administration, and then calling those list 
to cover different kinda of lists

Lessons Learned:

1. It was eye opening the amount of testing and coding is needed with even a small android project

2. I learned more about latitude and longitude then I ever wanted to know.

3. Using someone's framework can be tough. The uses they envisioned may not be what you were looking
for

4. Documentation is very useful, especially javadocs, which were barely present within the framework.

5. It was nice to be able to use some of the lessons we learned this semester

Wow factors:

1. Made multiple lists, so that instead of just buildings there is a faculty list and a administration list

2. the start screen looks great, designed in gimp2 by myself 




